.TH CFORMAT 1 "1996\-02\-20" "Version 0.4"
.\" $Id: cformat.1,v 1.1 1997/02/20 23:29:31 jochen Rel $
.\" Copyright (c) 1995-1996  Jochen Metzinger.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of
.\" this manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice
.\" are preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this
.\" manual into another language, under the above conditions for modified
.\" versions, except that this permission notice may be included in
.\" translations instead of in the original English.
.\"
.SH NAME
cformat \- create empty c64/c128 CP/M disk images
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cformat
.RB [ \-h012 ]
.RB [ \-\-help ]
.RB [ \-\-c64 ]
.RB [ \-\-ss ]
.RB [ \-\-ds ]
.I image
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B cformat
creates a new CP/M disk image 
.BR image .
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-0 ", " \-\-c64
create a c64 disk image.
.TP
.BR \-1 ", " \-\-ds
create a single sided c128 disk image. This is the default option.
.TP
.BR \-2 ", " \-\-ds
create a double sided c128 disk image.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
print a help message on standard output and exit successfully.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR d64dump (1),
.BR biosdump (1),
.BR ctools (1),
.BR d64 (5)
.SH AUTHOR
Jochen Metzinger<1metzing@informatik.uni\-hamburg.de>
