.TH CTOOLS 1 "1996\-02\-20" "version 0.4"
.\" $Id: ctools.1,v 1.1 1997/02/20 23:29:31 jochen Rel $
.\" Copyright (c) 1995-1996  Jochen Metzinger.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of
.\" this manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice
.\" are preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this
.\" manual into another language, under the above conditions for modified
.\" versions, except that this permission notice may be included in
.\" translations instead of in the original English.
.\"
.SH NAME
ctools \- manipulate c64/c128 CP/M disk images
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ctools
.RB [ \-hi ]
.RB [ \-u
.IR user ]
.RB [ \-\-help ]
.RB [ \-\-initdir ]
.RB [ \-\-user=\fIuser ]
.I image
.I command
.RI [ parameter ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ctools
is a public domain program to allow Unix and MSDOS systems to read,
write and manipulate files on an c64/c128 CP/M disk image.
.SH "CP/M FILE NAMES"
.BR ctools '
CP/M file have the format
.PP
	[\fIuser\fB:\fR]\fIname\fP[\fB.\fP[\fPtype\fP]]
.PP
where
.I user
is a letter from
.B A
to
.BR P ,
.I name 
a string of up to 8 and
.I type
a string of up to 3 character.
The character 
.B ?
is a joker for one character and
.B *
for the rest of the part
.RI ( user ,
.I name
or
.IR type ).
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-i ", " \-\-initdir
If you have passwords, directory labels or time stamps on your image
you will not be able to work with
.BR ctools .
You have to use this option to remove this entries.
.TP
.BR "-u \fIuser" ", " "\-\-user=\fIuser"
Set the default user array to
.IR user .
If you do not use this option the default user array will be
.BR 0 .
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
print a help message on standard output and exit successfully.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B c
check the directory of the
.IR image .
If the option
.B \-i
is given the cleared directory will be saved to the
.IR image .
.TP
.BR "d " "[\fIfile\fP]"
output the directory of
.IR file .
The default
.I file 
is
.BR ?:*.* .
.TP
.BR "e " "[\fIfile\fP]"
delete each
.IR file .
.TP
.BR "g " "[\fIfile\fP]"
copy each 
.I file
from the 
.I image
to the current directory.
.TP
.BR h ", " ?
print a help message on standard output and exit successfully.
.TP
.BR "m " "[\fIfile\fP]"
output a dump for each
.IR file .
.TP
.BR "p " "[\fIfile\fP]"
copy each
.I file
to the user array
.I user 
of the 
.IR image .
.TP
.BI "r " "old new"
renames 
.I old
to 
.RI new .
.TP
.BR "t " "[\fIfile\fP]"
output each file matching 
.IR file .
.TP
.B u
undelete deleted files.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR d64dump (1),
.BR biosdump (1),
.BR cformat (1),
.BR d64 (5)
.SH AUTHOR
Jochen Metzinger<1metzing@informatik.uni\-hamburg.de>
