.TH D64 5 "1996\-02\-20" "Version 0.4"
.\" $Id: d64.5,v 1.1 1997/02/20 23:29:31 jochen Rel $
.\" Copyright (c) 1995-1996  Jochen Metzinger.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of
.\" this manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice
.\" are preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this
.\" manual into another language, under the above conditions for modified
.\" versions, except that this permission notice may be included in
.\" translations instead of in the original English.
.\"
.SH NAME
d64 \- c64/c128 disk images
.SH DESCRIPTION
The disk image that is used by
.BR ctools (1)
is a raw image of a c1541/c1571 disk. It has a extension of
.B .d64
by default.
.PP
The sectors have a size of 256 byte. In the image they are ordered by the
track number 1 to 35 (to 70 in the double sided version) and the sector
number (0 to 16, 17, 18, 20).
.PP
Disk images can be transferred via transfer programs like
.BR X1541 .
You have to transfer the whole disk to use it with
.BR ctools (1).
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR d64dump (1),
.BR biosdump (1),
.BR cformat (1),
.BR ctools (1),
.SH AUTHOR
Jochen Metzinger<1metzing@informatik.uni\-hamburg.de>
