.TH D64DUMP 1 "1996\-02\-20" "Version 0.4"
.\" $Id: d64dump.1,v 1.1 1997/02/20 23:29:31 jochen Rel $
.\" Copyright (c) 1995-1996  Jochen Metzinger.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of
.\" this manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice
.\" are preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this
.\" manual into another language, under the above conditions for modified
.\" versions, except that this permission notice may be included in
.\" translations instead of in the original English.
.\"
.SH NAME
d64dump \- view c64 disk images
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B d64dump
.RB [ \-h ]
.RB [ \-\-help ]
.I image
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B d64dump
is an interactive program that show sectors of a c64 disk image
.IR image .
.PP
You input the address (track/sector) of the sector that you want to
exame.
.B d64dump 
show you a dump of this sector and expect you to input the next
address.
.PP
You exit 
.B d64dump 
when you input a negative track number.
.PP
With the track number 0 the adress is taken from the first two byte
of the last sector.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
print a help message on standard output and exit successfully.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR biosdump (1),
.BR cformat (1),
.BR ctools (1),
.BR d64 (5)
.\" .SH BUGS
.SH AUTHOR
Jochen Metzinger<1metzing@informatik.uni\-hamburg.de>
